Matthew Reardon 0:00
All right, Leroy, go ahead and

Leroy Truth 0:02
all right. So on the page, it says the official free press pass disclaimers, let's see, see, and one, one thing missing, I don't see the I don't see full court press in my picture, I think that was there before, right? Yeah, was it okay? Yeah, simple, simple fix, yeah, and,

Matthew Reardon 0:33
yeah, it's literally so much easier to make changes now. Um, it's like, this program. I thought the other program was easy, and then I was pointed into this program last night, and I was like, oh my god, it's such a such a better job, and it was so much quicker. And, yeah, like, if, if, if it's going to do like, you know, make it that easy to make changes and and, and make things look that good. I mean, it'll pay for itself. You know, paying a couple extra extra bucks Time is money.

Leroy Truth 1:16
Yeah, yeah, yeah. See, I and looking up something for the new right, I was trying to removing a windscreen from Mike, and got to figure out how to do it. And it's a new mic, all right. So yes, I was saying yeah, to put on the top that this is sponsored by, created and sponsored by New York investigations and before press. I mean not no the exposure report, and to have a really obvious button to our channels, and please subscribe now to each of us. And then just the only other change for now is where it says the official free press pass disclaimers, because freedom of the press belongs to everyone. That's all good. The part where it says because you don't need a fancy laminated plastic badge to have the First Amendment genius, and because you don't see, actually, for now, can you just remove that?

Matthew Reardon 3:21
Wait, all right, so remove the because

Leroy Truth 3:24
you don't need a fancy, limited plastic badge and, and how do we create, oh, by the way, what is the cash app that we use? Yeah, okay, here, I'll send you now. I

Matthew Reardon 3:49
don Felix did a good job covering it, but I don't know, man like I figured, I figured to give sin go that I set up. Yeah, would have had something. I mean, he did a great job promoting it. And he did, yeah, he did, and it's not a damn thing.

Leroy Truth 4:17
Now, here's, here's why. And he, I mean, I talked to you about this before, is it's the approach, and that even though, like I told you before, even though you have a right to swear, you know, is it strategically effective to do is not. That's why I used to a bit.

Matthew Reardon 4:38
And I can assure you, I can assure you, not one person out here has has literally been, I mean, like, like, it's, it's, I'm not, I'm not joking like this, the shit that I have literally gone through the hell and back, literally losing every single thing. I mean, it's nobody truly. Me, you know, and then and then and then, adding in the fact that the authorities refuse to do anything, it's been three assaults now, and I have, and they've, they've refused to even bat an eye at it. Of course, I'm literally,

Leroy Truth 5:18
I totally, totally here, and I gotta go, but I want to just share this with you before we go. And I just sent you to check check out your students sent you 25 instead of 20. All right, appreciate it. All right. So as I suggested before, you know, I know you've been through a lot, however, you are so smart and you're so articulate that the angry approach doesn't work, right, and it's hurting you. That's why you got no money. People, people they, I mean, you, you have a major lawsuit there, man, but it's the squaring and the anger that that turn people away. Brian, if you could, if you could, shift that, you got a freaking you know you're gonna grow like hell because you gotta, you know everything on your side, and I'm not telling you, you have to change who you are, you're, you know, everyone's your unique personality. But I have found, and I learned this from Sean, is a more a more like grounded approach, and I don't swear at all. And again, everyone has a choice. I'm not saying you've got to be like me and anyone else, but it's more effective in the court of public opinion. Yeah, because, and when Shawna told me, you know his philosophy, I mean, he swears more than any you know, oh, yeah, combined, when we're in person, but, but in his professional life, he doesn't, and he says, because if you got to go in front of a judge, you got to go in front of it jury, they don't care that you're you were completely wronged. They just care that you said, you know, f your mom, and that's all I hear, right? So if you could shift that man, it's going to change everything for you. And then you would have probably, you know, 500,000 bucks in there. But they didn't, they didn't relate to you, because they in their mind, I think, and John was, John did a really good job, yeah, yeah. But in their mind, like this guy, no, we don't like him. So from him right, even though you're in the right, you know, yep, so

Matthew Reardon 7:23
yeah, I talked, I talked to Sean Paul on the phone the other night for about an hour, almost an hour and and we talked about all of that. No, I completely get it. And, you know, it's like, yeah, I mean, I wish, I wish I would have done it like him.

Leroy Truth 7:45
Too late for that one,

Matthew Reardon 7:47
it is definitely too late,

Leroy Truth 7:49
yeah, and shift your perspective

Matthew Reardon 7:52
and going forward, and honestly, you know, it's, it's like, I don't even know if you know I kind of built and it's not even like, I even really truly have a brand because, like, I don't have the followers. But, you know, when Mississippi do what they did, they basically brandish me a outlaw, and I and I've taken and run with the whole thing. When freedom is outlawed, only the outlaws can be will be free. It's kind of giving me the outlaw persona. You know, when they banned me twice. Well,

Leroy Truth 8:23
you're, you know, you created your own brand. They did them. They can. No one can, you know, well, I

Matthew Reardon 8:29
ran with it, is, I guess what I'm trying to say, like, basically, when they made me, when, when they outlawed me, I basically, you know, took and ran with that and made it my ass.

Leroy Truth 8:42
And the thing is, we all gotta, it's important that we learn and grow, and what's going to be most effective, right? I was, you know, I was like, you know, yelling at everybody usually, and sometimes swearing and stuff, and wasn't as effective. And then when I started being lighter, like, a lot lighter. And I'm when they get angry, they'll get angry. They get the lighter I get to a point. And, you know, there's

Matthew Reardon 9:08
no and it always and it pisses them off even more. Oh, yeah,

Leroy Truth 9:11
absolutely it does. However, someone really egregiously wants me something strategically, utilize control. Anger is very important to us. Use it like a fine spice, right? But, but no swimming thing goes a long way.

Matthew Reardon 9:26
I promise I'm gonna work on that. I've been wanting to, and it's just like they after I've been assaulted more and more. It's like it's just really, I've been, I've been rebelling against completely,

Leroy Truth 9:39
no rebel. But just, just don't do it angry, you know, do everything the same. Hold your ground. Hold your ground. Hold the line, yeah, except when, when you, when you need to, to move on, because you don't think you're getting arrested, right? It means and, and also, never just arrest once they say You're under arrest, it's done right. Turn around. With, you know, let them then work, because you can't win, and then they're going to put assault charges on you, like they, I don't know if they did or they were

Matthew Reardon 10:06
going, No, they, they tried to, but it didn't they wanted,

Leroy Truth 10:10
but so it's fortunate for you, they didn't, yeah, but anyway, anyway, I gotta run here. But if you can make those changes, that would be awesome.

Matthew Reardon 10:19
Yes, sir, I recorded it so, you know, it's transcribing it, and then I'm gonna take that transcript and it's gonna be your words about what you want, right there and there. All right, excellent. And then that's it, yeah,

Leroy Truth 10:33
all right. And how many people have gotten press passes? And that's Are you able to see that?

Matthew Reardon 10:38
I'm not. So, you know, like I said, I had to figure out a way to get that actually set up on a database. And I hate it that I I'll be honest with there's, there's no way of telling from, like, up to now, and it, I know that sucks, and it sucks so badly, Roy, but what we can do is you can basically say, Hey, we've redesigned everything. If you've got a press pass, go back to free press pass.com and get your new one. And everything is linked up onto a database. Now on, you know, on on that. So I had it hooked up to, you know what? It basically told me was was going to track it, but come to find out, that only tracks it on the local machine. So basically, if you create one, and you come back and you create another one, since you're on the same machine, it's gonna, you know, it's gonna track it, but it doesn't track everybody else. And so I didn't realize that,

Leroy Truth 11:37
right? But now, now, will it?

Matthew Reardon 11:38
So now, yes, now it's actually male as well. Yeah, now it's, now it's actually got the database linked up to it. So I actually want to test it out. I've got the username and password like the default. I need to get $25 on pump seven. So I want to test that out. And,

Leroy Truth 12:02
oh, by the way, can you change the where it says investigative reporter to investigative journalist? Okay? And how? And is it a, is it a way when people do this on their phone, which most will, instead of you downloading into their files, they can save it as an image in their photos.

Matthew Reardon 12:19
Yeah. Is that not how it is right

Leroy Truth 12:21
now? No, it just downloads to files which a lot of people don't know how

Matthew Reardon 12:24
to get to. Those Yeah, I got you and how big

Leroy Truth 12:28
is it? Because I wanted to be, like, at least, like, a three by five,

Matthew Reardon 12:33
I can, I told it to make it look completely professional and legit, the, you know, right size. So I, you know, did it? It's research. And then I also threw in the website that we had right now, and I said, I want to have, like, the, you know, the wording kind of laid out like this, you know,

Leroy Truth 12:53
this is wondering. It's all changed, though, what happens it's, it is now horizontal instead of being

Matthew Reardon 13:00
vertical. So you do want it vertical,

Leroy Truth 13:03
though. Yeah, how it was exactly because that looks like the regular press passes vertical.

Matthew Reardon 13:09
And just one other thing to think about, all those people that got one, if you want to try to draw them back in to get another one by saying that we've made some changes, then we need to do something that's going to make it stand out. So it makes them want to come back. Because if they got one already, you know, then that means they're already a go getter, and they'll likely do it. You just gotta basically say, Hey, this is how it's different. You know, we have, we have a new one. Um, so I would think about that. What can we do different on this one, or maybe just the styling all together. It looks cleaner,

Leroy Truth 13:45
but no, I like the other one. I was I didn't want to change. I like the other one. I just wanted the the how you change, the words it was good, like the the name, leeway through who was stacked. Because I can, if you can go back to the other one that I loved it, we'd have to change, you know, anything for it. And it and it was a lot more to it looks more a lot more complex. So you can just copy what you had.

Matthew Reardon 14:05
Yeah, I can, I can do that. I was just suggesting that we can do that, and then just add, you know, add a little something more to it, so that it makes people want to come back and get another one, so that we can track them and get their email address.

Leroy Truth 14:18
I at this point, we're going to start, and I want to see how we can get a store on here so that we can start selling. We're going to laminate press passes for people and and so for now, it's okay. In other words, the thing will be, you want to, you know, eliminate a press pass. You want to, you know, special video message from my team. Then, you know, 1599, or something, and you get that. So if you can put it back to how it was exact, exact, exact thing. And also, when you go to generate the press pass, it's pink, even though it's it's red. On the website, where it says, press is pink, okay, when you generate. It

Matthew Reardon 15:00
so, so on the new one.

Leroy Truth 15:03
Yeah, okay, yeah, but just make it like it was, because it was, it was good. All right, sounds good. All right. All right, my man, let me know, since it's done, and since you're able to do that, and then what do we need to do to be able to take credit cards on this site?

Matthew Reardon 15:21
So you're actually in luck on that as well. So I can tell it that. And then it will connect with stripe. It will ask for a API key, a public key. And then there's two API keys on stripe. You'll need both of,

Leroy Truth 15:41
okay, we already have stripes, so cool. All right, yeah, we want to start, start monetizing this. Yeah.

Matthew Reardon 15:50
Well, what are you so? So, I mean, just the, just the laminization. Are you just, are you? Are we trying to get away from the free press pass and go to a paid press pass. What are

Leroy Truth 16:02
you trying to do? Oh, yeah, it's free press pass.com. They can download themselves. 99% of people won't do it, and if they don't laminate it, it's nothing. So it's still free press pass.com. But if they want it laminated with a lanyard, I mean, it's going to be a custom lander who's going to have accountability for all the exposure report. And you go to investigations on it and and I mean, I can accountability for all dark pen accountability, because he is going to be doing the all the lamination and sending the stuff out. So that's, that's what his role is going to be. And so that we have that option, they can download it free, so that that doesn't change. It's still free press.com if they want to download it and print it out and laminate it and get their own lanyard, great, but as a convenience, we provide that for them as a service, and then it costs, like, probably 1590s,

Matthew Reardon 16:55
seven. That's a that's a lot for, I'm just gonna say that's a lot for, lamination. Because I paid. I went and got mine laminated. I got, I got two of them laminated for like, $4 at the UPS store. So I think you'd be better charging about 10 bucks for it. But, you know, yeah, yeah. Well, look at the

Leroy Truth 17:16
price point. But the thing is, it's not about we're not trying to save the money. It's a premium for us to do that. I got you brother, and most people have 15 bucks, 20 bucks, yeah, and so, all right, so for the stripe piece, what do you what do you need for the stripe again,

Matthew Reardon 17:33
I'll need the API keys. That's and that's all I'll need. Just send me that. Just send me the let's see, and I can so when you go to your API keys, there's going to be a public one that starts with PK, and there's another one right there with it, right below it, or above it that I don't remember what it starts with, but I know one of them starts with PK, and the other one is something else.

Leroy Truth 18:01
Oh, hold on. I'm going there right now. See, no, let's see, you kind of heard his name upper form. Can you signing in? Okay, I'm signing in. So I'm signed in here. Let's see.

Matthew Reardon 18:20
Oh, and then I'm going to also need, as soon as this thing is ready to go and deploy, I need to get into your GoDaddy again so I can.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai